I can't stress enough the importance
of having a beautiful head with hair.
Totally agree.
The hair is my pride and my adornment.
What would I have been without?
- It's not good to say that.
-One thing I learned:
The hair of a man
says everything about his personality.
A bald man
is like a blank rune stick.
Zero personality.
Zero content.
And we who have thick, strong hair,
- has several choices
in terms of appearance.
No, you are not tied to one weld
as when one is bald.
Hey Hey.
My dearest wife.
So you are - so beautiful.
-Thank you darling.
- I couldn't get a better wife.
I couldn't have gotten a better man.
But we almost have to leave now.
A guest of honor does not come
too late for Jarl Bjorn's guild.
- Am I fine on my hair?
-Great. Well combed, Dog.
Make the combs clear
until i come back?
Then we can experiment with new ones
welds and hairstyles and ... Look forward to it.
Have a good time.
Varg! Finally you are here.
My very best friend.
Reidun.
More beautiful than ever.
Bjorn, there is no man
I set higher.
Likewise. Likewise.
We are soul mates who have known
each other since we were baby babies.
We share a worldview, humor
and talk to each other in confidence.
We respect
each other's peculiarities.
And we dare
to be vulnerable in front of each other.
We do, Varg.
And you have been an invaluable supporter
when life has not been easy.
Had everyone had such a best friend,
the world would have been a better place.
Toast!
Seems you're starting
getting thin in the string, eh?
-That it was?
-Nothing.
Just that you
is starting to get a little thin in the string.
-Yeah right?
- No, don't say that, then.
-The hair loss is his great pride.
-Thanks and crap.
congratulations with
Midgard's sloping mane.
Midgard's shrinking mane?
Absolutely. Good humor, that.
No. Sorry, my wolf,
do not worry about it.
You look just fine with thin hair.
Maybe even nicer, actually.
-You actually do hair loss.
-Absolutely.
It wasn't meant to be fun.
Hair loss can be mentally stressful.
-I hope you can forgive me?
-You are forgiven. No problem.
I'm not the type to carry gnats.
Then we sit down to dinner!
(Shout in the distance.)
Up there!
Stop!
Run!
Up! Up!
Shut up!
Don't scream!
Seems you're starting
getting thin in the string ...
You actually do hair loss ...
Congratulations to Midgards
craziest mane ...
-You're not mad at those things?
-No no.
There should be some headroom
among us good friends.
I had a bad conscience
because I laughed.
Dear you, laughter is
a spontaneous emotional outburst.
It is something
one has no control over.
-OK. Excuse me anyway.
-No problem.
I think it's a little cold here.
I think it's decent temperature, i.
I want to
to have it a little warmer.
Just sit, I'll take care of it.
My girl.
Dostangsystemet
is based on mutual trust.
Here is the body's most
private parts on exhibition.
It is everyone's responsibility
to stay away.
Yesterday we had an episode where
the dostang bandit was very daring.
Oddvar?
I sit on the dostanga, fit mine
own affairs, a sense of peace and no danger.
Suddenly a hand comes
shooting from the ground -
- and begin to pet me in scrotum.
In a perfect world
had we had our own cubicle,
- but unfortunately we are not there yet.
Orm!
Come up here.
Now it is important that the entire chieftain
family stands together and shows disgust.
Yes.
First I must say that -
- my thoughts go to Oddvar
and his closest.
But I think she's got her punishment -
- for what I call
innocent foxes.
These are not foxes!
This is abuse.
The thought of her there
has stared me into the brown eye, -
- it's traumatic.
Simply.
I'm going to have to work a lot
to get over this.
But we know nothing
about her motivation.
-Maybe she has to expire for something.
-Orm ...
Maybe she has been kept outside
all my life, was excluded from things, -
- saw it sneaking around the dostanga
is her way of feeling closeness.
So ... But what do I know? Nothing.
It becomes pure guess. A hypothesis.
Thanks for the input, Orm. But trust
is broken in a grim manner.
That's why we have to send
the dostang bandit to Helheim.
There doang bandits belong.
No!
Wait! Wait!
You've been fooled!
I shall say
who the dostang bandit is!
Yes, and it will ship
shock waves throughout Norheim.
There is no ...
The scrap bin frog, it's ...
I just lost some patience.
She pulled it a little too far.
She enjoyed being the centerpiece
a little too long for my taste.
Varg?
Varg!
Oi!
Nothing.
The eye looks absolutely fine.
How was the guild then?
Looks like things went a bit wrong.
-Take me home.
- Where's Reidun?
Your wife. Reidun.
Should she be home?
I want to go home.
Take me home.
Come on!
Get in and go!
Food!
It is genital today.
-What do we say then?
-Thanks. Thank you.
Good!
It's fine with the marks in the bread,
but what is the taste, then?
He said it was genital.
So that's for sure
a taste of unwashed genitalia.
That he is bothering, that is.
Puns?
It's just so bad.
He's testing us for sure.
To see if we complain.
But I'm not going to break down.
I'll endure - for you.
In this miserable world you are
the only thing that keeps me up.
We have to work and struggle
for one day -
- then the Vikings understand
that we deserve our freedom.
Did you know the chief
releases one slave family each year?
Why couldn't it be us this year?
You may want to mute
those expectations a bit, Arnstein.
Just know that anyway
whether we get that freedom or not,
- then I love you.
And I love you. So long
we stick together, we are strong.
Then there is nothing
that can break us.
(It crackles in a twig.)
-Hey Hey.
-Hi.
Orm!
Come on.
I know you are here!
Orm?
Orm!
-Orm.
-Hildur. Hello. How pretty you are today.
I just had to fix some stuff ...
What are you doing?
Did you dig those things here?
I suggest we just
forget what has not happened.
I know very well what happened.
I knew you were the dostang bandit.
I? It must be allowed to crawl
around dostanga in underground caves -
- without being accused of anything.
And he?
Which one did he eat?
At first he ate one,
and then a great bit of this.
-It's deadly, then.
-It might have been the first one, too.
Can't you eat it, Kark,
so we see what happens?
It is no worse than that.
What are you doing?
We are trying to find out
what mushrooms are edible.
Depending on how Kark is doing,
we have found a new one we can eat.
But Olav, you must come.
-The ax is going, Kark?
-It seems promising, this.
Orm!
-What do you have to say about this?
-Can't we focus on other things?
Can't we just
put the spotlight on something else?
Hiding behind the dostanga
and watching people turn away?
It doesn't get any worse than that.
You haven't just been staring ...
You took the life of an innocent lady.
If people know about this ...
At best, you become a bitch.
And it reflects so badly on me
as a sister-in-law. That's the most important thing.
The last thing I promised my dad before him
dead, was to make a man of you.
Oh yes?
But then it boiled
a bit off in the cabbage, really.
There was much else that was tempting.
A lot of stuff, really.
- Among other things ...
-But now it's time.
-No.
-Yes. You must join the cruise.
You must mutter, loot and:
You have to operate properly
Viking thing, not the pioneering.
Peony is my life!
I refuse! I hate you!
I'm your big brother
and your chieftain. I decide.
No, because I'm actually 18 years old!
Besides, Hildur and I have
decided to get married.
You have to get a wife
that can make you a man.
-No.
-You said it yourself. You lack proximity.
I refuse!
It is not going to happen.
We're talking about someone who is
bound to you for the rest of your life.
One you have to be with
all the way to death.
So much so?
Tied, almost, to me?
Never again alone and on
constant search for camaraderie?
Never again alone, Orm.
And we know of one who had
suited you perfectly.
Who?
-Frøya, it's Chief Olav!
-And Hildur! First lady!
Let me take care of the talk.
Look here, yes.
Is this where you live, Frøya?
Nice space.
A lot of carcasses.
Are there any animals left
in the woods now, then?
Yes.
Yes, since you've shot so many animals.
A nice comment.
Yes, it's expensive again.
I'm just going straight to the point, me.
Well, now it feels like that
My brother, Orm, has become single -
- and then it opens
an incredibly exciting opportunity.
Orm, did you say?
- Don't think I've met him.
-A man of honor.
Or he has the potential to be
if conditions are rectified.
-So he's not a man of honor now?
- No, but he will be.
And had to take care of Odin
that I get stabbed in the stomach -
- and the intestines ripped out,
if he doesn't.
I think I'm taking over the talk, me.
Go for a walk and we'll talk to the ladies a little.
Here's how we do it.
Frøya...
- The worm is perfect for you.
-Oh well?
Frøya ... And you're perfect for him.
He needs you.
-Why?
-He needs a lady with a bone in her nose.
Which is a little rough at the edges
and can rush him out of his comfort zone -
- and elicit some new interests.
- New interests?
- Get him interested in this ...
Not pigeonholes, color fabrics
and make flower garlands.
Does not sound
as a perfect match for me.
Frøya, that's exactly what it is.
Opposites attract each other.
- Opposites attract each other.
- Never heard.
It is just read and adopted.
Don't you want to move to Norheim, then?
And don't stay out here in gambling?
Get yourself a longhouse and slaves and ...
All the food you want, clothes and ...
Everything you have to work so hard for now.
I hear what you're saying.
But I'm not interested.
-If you could fit in ...
- Let it marinate a bit, then.
And think about
hunting for animals is optimal, -
- or if there is something better
to carry on?
-It was quite okay then?
-You could command her, then.
-You have a slightly weak leadership style at the moment.
-Do you think?
When you are so elusive,
wipes my pussy a little, that is.
Does it?
And to say that Odin can stab you
unless Orm becomes an honorary man ...
No, I was a little torn with it.
I wouldn't worry about it.
Odin has better things to deal with
than listen to everything I say.
Here, Wolf.
Here I have a heat bottle.
Like that.
-Is it true that I have holes in my hat?
-What?
No.
I want to see.
Give me a sword.
-Et ...?
-Sword. I can't say!
You've been through a traumatic one
experience. That r comes back.
Oh! Skull ...
I've been bald.
Indeed. I never have
noticed. New to me.
You've been fighting me for years.
Du Varg ...
Should I be honest with you,
- you look much nicer
with a solid moon.
You will be much more interesting ...
Yes, people get curious about you.
You, what are they saying?
Change joy?
No one has started saying that.